console-sm: remove dependency list, replace with hint to sbom (#4309)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/reference/dependencies.md

<TabItem value='console-sm'>

> Source Code and list of dependencies and their respective licenses (as CyclonDX SBOM) are provided [on-demand](dependency-request@camunda.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Camunda 8 Self-Managed source code, dependency list, and dependency licenses are available as a CyclonDX SBOM [on-demand](dependency-request@camunda.com).
```

> Source Code and list of dependencies and their respective licenses (as CyclonDX SBOM) are provided [on-demand](dependency-request@camunda.com).

Reviewer 2: Please change to make clear that SBOM and source code are two different assets

```suggestion
The source code and a CyclonDX SBOM, that includes a list of third party libraries used and their licenses, are provided [on-demand](dependency-request@camunda.com).
```
